---
layout: page
title: Become a Sponsor
---

h1. Platinum Sponsor (3 000 Euro)

The Platinum sponsor package is more flexible and is formed individually, depending on the goals and objectives of the sponsor. We are ready to discuss carrying out additional, non-standard activities and promotional techniques.

Platinum sponsor is also the official sponsor of the visit to Russia invited speakers.

* Assigning the status "Platinum Sponsor of KESW(Knowledge Engineering and Semantic Web Conference) 2014".
* Placement of the logo, with the status on the event website on all pages on all promotional materials and POS-material.
* Inclusion of the sponsor’s logo in event promotional materials to be distributed on the Internet, before and after the event.
* Inclusion of promotional items[1] in the participant package.
* Placement of outdoor advertising structures* in the registration area and the auditorium.
* Placing the stand in the area of posters and communication[2].
* Mention of the sponsor at the opening and closing ceremonies.
* Talk of the sponsor’s representative in the panel session (20 min).

h1. Gold sponsor (2 000 Euro)

* Assigning the status "Gold Sponsor of KESW(Knowledge Engineering and Semantic Web Conference) 2014".
* Placement of the logo, with the status on the event website on all pages on all promotional materials and POS-material.
* Inclusion of promotional items[1] in the participant package.
* Placement of promotional items at the front desk[1].
* Placement of outdoor advertising structures[1] in the registration area and the auditorium.
* Talk of the sponsor’s representative in the panel session (10 min).
* Mention of the sponsor at the closing ceremonies.

h1. Silver sponsor (1 000 Euro)[1] [2]

* Assigning the status "Silver Sponsor of KESW(Knowledge Engineering and Semantic Web Conference) 2014".
* Placement of the logo, with the status on the event website on all pages on all promotional materials and POS-material.
* Inclusion of promotional items[1] in the participant package.

Other kinds of cooperation are possible.
Changing the conditions of sponsorship is possible individually.

fn1. Outdoor advertising structures, banners, flyers and other promotional materials are provided by the sponsors themselves.

fn2. Area of posters and communication is one of the main areas where participants will be when they are not on presentations. It is also a sitting area, a place where sponsors can locate their posters and a place for coffee breaks.
